The goal of this part as to group taxels to small groups.
Before our emlation there was only one group for whole forarm. We divided each forarm
into 11 groups.

The code is written in matlab and can be found in matlab_left_forarm directory:
"skinTesselation3D_left_forearm." Everything is 3D point (x,y,z) or 3D line (x,y,z,x2,y2,z2).

The input are two sets of coodinates:
  1. taxel_pos - not acurate experimentaly acuired, 23 plates * 12 taxels, older wersion skin
  2. triangle_centers_CAD - acurate, dimensions of holes for fixing plates to the robot,
                            nearly exact center of the pad, 23 plates * 1 hole
                            
First we identifyed each thermal plate and its taxels in taxel_pos.
We matched 1. set and 2.set.
We translated coordinates of 1. set acording to position of more acurate 2. set (red).

Box is represented by two oposite points (or line) one with minimal value of coordinates and one with maximal.
We tightly fited a box aligned with axes of the forarm around each thermal pad. (upper part "min_max" , lower part "nin_nax")
We seen that motly only 2 (once 3) boxes colide.
We tightly fited coliding boxes into bigger boxes. ("m_m", "n_n") 

This was the base of first prototype integrated in summer 2015.

There were to many gaps so we decided to cover whole forarm without making any gaps.

We removed the gaps adding half of the gap to each box making this gap. So we enlarged all boxes so they tightly cover whole space between them.

This was tested in simulator however uncovered areas still ocured.
We cheked the implementation and corected errors.

Our implementaition is based on incomplete and inacurate data so it can't be acurate. Some contacts apeared outside covered region. So we enlarged all boxes to the uncovered space.
This can be done beacuse system firstly tests body part and only after forarm detection is triggered our emulation. Our forarm emulation can't interfere with other body part emulaion.

Code: SKIN_LEFT_FORARM_v4.cpp

Implements emulation in c++. You can see in the bottom of code that we skip two old taxels that were removed.

This code is part of bigger function in simulator core 
TODO find which function it is                           
            